README.md, before:

<!-- START_METADATA
---
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
hide_table_of_contents: true
pagination_next: null
pagination_prev: null
---
END_METADATA -->

# Vipps Check in API

The Check in API is in beta and is available to use for merchants that work with [Loyalty in POS](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-solutions/loyalty-in-pos/).

* [API Guide](vipps-check-in-api.md): Developer guide for the Vipps Check-In API.
* [API Reference](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/api/check-in): Check-In Api Reference Specifications.

## Get Started!

Take a look at [How it works](vipps-check-in-api-how-it-works.md).

## Questions?

We're always happy to help with code or other questions you might have!
Please create an [issue](https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-check-in-api/issues),
a [pull request](https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-check-in-api/pulls),
or [contact us](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/contact).

Sign up for our [Technical newsletter for developers](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/newsletters).

Commit message:

Add an introduction to the README and some other small changes.  (#22)
* Add an introduction to the README of check-in. Set the name to "Check-in" everywhere.

* Revert all the changes to the yaml

README.md, after:

<!-- START_METADATA
---
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
hide_table_of_contents: true
pagination_next: null
pagination_prev: null
---
END_METADATA -->

# Vipps Check-in API

💥 DRAFT! Unfinished work in progress. API specification changes are still coming. 💥

The Check-in API allows you to communicate with users through their Vipps app from the Point of Sale (POS).
For example, a user can scan their personal Vipps QR code and be informed if they are a member of a company's loyalty program.

The Check-in API is in beta and is available to use for merchants that work with [Loyalty in POS](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-solutions/loyalty-in-pos).

* [API Guide](vipps-check-in-api.md): Developer guide for the Vipps Check-in API.
* [API Reference](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/api/check-in): Check-in API Reference Specifications.

## Get Started!

Take a look at [How it works](vipps-check-in-api-how-it-works.md).

## Questions?

We're always happy to help with code or other questions you might have!
Please create an [issue](https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-check-in-api/issues),
a [pull request](https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-check-in-api/pulls),
or [contact us](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/contact).

Sign up for our [Technical newsletter for developers](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/newsletters).
