vipps-check-in-api-how-it-works.md, before:

<!-- START_METADATA
---
title: How it works
sidebar_position: 10
---
END_METADATA -->

# How it works

💥 DRAFT! Unfinished work in progress. API specification changes are still coming. 💥

## Step 1: Scan the QR code

The flow begins with the customer presenting their personal Vipps QR code to the merchant. This can happen two ways:

* Customer-facing scanner. The store will have a permanent customer-facing scanner and customers can scan their QR code at any time.
* The QR code is scanned by the cashier using a wired scanner. This could happen while the cashier is scanning wares or right before the payment.

![Loyalty Flow](images/pos-step-1.png)

## Step 2: Check membership

The customer's membership status is checked by using the mobile number received in the last step.

A Vipps Check-in API request is triggered to inform the customer whether or not they are a member of your loyalty program. This will help them through the payment process.

![Loyalty Flow](images/pos-step-2.png)

Commit message:

Add metadata and update titles when linking to our website (#37)
* Update title used when referencing the website

* Provide full metadata

* Update more metadata

* Remove Vipps or add MobilePay in a couple places

vipps-check-in-api-how-it-works.md, after:

<!-- START_METADATA
---
title: How the Check-in API works
sidebar_label: How it works
sidebar_position: 10
description: View Check-in how-it-works guide for illustrations of the main flow.
pagination_next: null
pagination_prev: null
---
END_METADATA -->

# How the Check-in API works

💥 DRAFT! Unfinished work in progress. API specification changes are still coming. 💥

<!-- START_COMMENT -->

ℹ️ Please use the website:
[Vipps MobilePay Technical Documentation](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/check-in-api).

<!-- END_COMMENT -->

## Step 1: Scan the QR code

The flow begins with the customer presenting their personal Vipps QR code to the merchant. This can happen two ways:

* Customer-facing scanner. The store will have a permanent customer-facing scanner and customers can scan their QR code at any time.
* The QR code is scanned by the cashier using a wired scanner. This could happen while the cashier is scanning wares or right before the payment.

![Loyalty Flow](images/pos-step-1.png)

## Step 2: Check membership

The customer's membership status is checked by using the mobile number received in the last step.

A Vipps Check-in API request is triggered to inform the customer whether or not they are a member of your loyalty program. This will help them through the payment process.

![Loyalty Flow](images/pos-step-2.png)
